Build a Video Compilation Page
Build an app that is functionally similar to this example project. Try not to copy the example project, give it your own personal style.

Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

User Stories:

You should have a main element as the only child of the body element.
You should have an h1 element with the topic of your page.
You should have a paragraph introducing the topic of your page below your h1 element.
You should have three section elements below your first paragraph.
Each section should contain an h2 element, a paragraph, and an iframe element, in this order.
The three iframe elements should have a src attribute set to a valid video.
Each iframe element should also have a title attribute to describe the embedded content, and a height attribute and a width attribute to set the element to a proper size.
Run the Tests (Ctrl + Enter)
Reset this lesson
Get Help
Tests
Passed:1. You should have a main element inside your body element.
Passed:2. Your main element should be the only child of the body element.
Passed:3. You should have an h1 element with the topic of your page inside the main element.
Passed:4. You should have a paragraph introducing the topic of your page below your h1 element.
Passed:5. You should have three section elements below your first p element.
Passed:6. Each section element should start with an h2 element that serves as the title for that section.
Passed:7. Each section element should contain a p element to introduce the video content as its second child.
Passed:8. Each section element should contain an iframe element as its third child.
Passed:9. Your first iframe element should have a src attribute set to a valid video.
Passed:10. Your first iframe element should have a title attribute to describe the embedded content.
Passed:11. Your first iframe element should have a height attribute.
Passed:12. Your first iframe element should have a width attribute.
Passed:13. Your second iframe element should have a src attribute set to a valid video.
Passed:14. Your second iframe element should have a title attribute to describe the embedded content.
Passed:15. Your second iframe element should have a height attribute.
Passed:16. Your second iframe element should have a width attribute.
Passed:17. Your third iframe element should have a src attribute set to a valid video.
Passed:18. Your third iframe element should have a title attribute to describe the embedded content.
Passed:19. Your third iframe element should have a height attribute.
Passed:20. Your third iframe element should have a width attribute.
